Pipeline: output: file: style (#1936)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/outputs/file.md

# File

The _File_ output plugin lets you write the data received through the `input` plugin to file.

## Configuration parameters

The plugin supports the following configuration parameters:

| Key | Description | Default |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `Path` | Directory path to store files. If not set, Fluent Bit will write the files on it's own positioned directory. Available in Fluent Bit 1.4.6 and later. | _none_ |

> | `File` | Set filename to store the records. If not set, the filename will be the `tag` associated with the records. | _none_ |

Author: yeah, it apparently doesn't. Vale's not flagging it this was yolo

| `Format` | The [format](#format) of the file content. | `out_file` |
| `Mkdir` | Recursively create output directory if it doesn't exist. Permissions set to `0755`. | _none_ |
| `Workers` | The number of [workers](../../administration/multithreading.md#outputs) to perform flush operations for this output. | `1` |

## Format

This plugin uses the following formats:

### `out_file`

> Output `time`, `tag`, and `json` records. There are no configuration parameters for `out_file`.

Reviewer: should it be "no additional configuration parameters"? this confused me for a second, but it sounds like the _previous_ configuration parameters still apply

Reviewer: alternatively... we could just remove that part entirely? I feel like it makes more sense to mention when there ARE additional parameters :P

```text
tag: [time, {"key1":"value1", "key2":"value2", "key3":"value3"}]
```

### Plain

> Output the records as JSON (without additional `tag` and `timestamp` attributes). There are no configuration parameters for plain format.

Author: same as above

```json
{"key1":"value1", "key2":"value2", "key3":"value3"}
```

### CSV

> Output the records as `csv`. CSV supports an additional configuration parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Output the records in `csv` format. CSV mode supports an additional configuration parameter.
```

| Key | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| `Delimiter` | The character to separate each data. Accepted values: `\t` (or `tab`), ` ` (`space`), or `,` (`comma`). Other values are ignored and will use default silently. Default: `,` |

```text
time[delimiter]"value1"[delimiter]"value2"[delimiter]"value3"
```

### LTSV

> Output the records as LTSV. LTSV supports an additional configuration parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Output the records in LTSV format. LTSV mode supports an additional configuration parameter.
```
